combination of what I was just
discussing with the deeply ingrained
hatred of the Jews, suspicion of the
Jews, these charges that build on each
other combined with the very skillful
manipulation of the media and public
opinion in general by the Islamic groups
and their leftist allies. So the two
come together, the left and the Muslims
on the basis of a shared hatred for
America and Israel. And Zohan Mani
embodies both. They killed a million and
a half Armenians, a million Greeks, and
300,000 Assyrians. And a lot of those
people who were killed were killed in
gas chambers. The Turks were the first
to use them.
Hello and welcome to the Victor Frankle
podcast. I'm Lori Fine here with my
co-host Rabbi Daniel Shbach and we're
excited to have with us today our guest
Robert Spencer. Robert is an expert in
Islam and Islamic Jihad and he has a
brand new book out called Anti-semitism:
History and Myth. Robert, welcome to the
program.
>> Thank you. Delighted to be here. Thanks
very much.
>> You know, when we were prepping for the
show, I couldn't help but notice that
you have elicited especially strong
reactions among your detractors. you
have been banned from Great Britain by
the Conservatives,
by the conservative uh before she was
prime minister, Terresa May, you were
drugged by people who uh by your by your
audience, you had the ADL and the
Southern Poverty Law Center, two civil
rights groups, call you a hate group.
Call your group a hate group. What
brings this on? What makes you so
controversial?
I've often wondered that myself and it's
really down to the fact that I enunciate
some truths that are unpopular. But for
all that, they are truths. They're
readily demonstrable. I am ready to
defend them in any forum. And so I would
respectfully say to the government of
Britain, to the ADL, to everybody that
you mentioned that there's no substance
to their criticism. I don't advocate for
any kind of violence or illegality. I
don't actually uh have a program at all.
I'm just pointing out what is quite
obviously a threat has been a threat for
1400 years. Uh is a threat in particular
to Jews as well as to Christians as well
as to Hindus for that matter. And so
this is something that we need to be
aware of and not sweep under the rug.
And yet nowadays the uh there are
powerful forces in the world who have
skillfully convinced large segments of
the population that to speak about this
threat is tantamount to committing a
terrible unpardonable act of bigotry and
racism. Even though neither one of them
are really legitimately at play in this
discussion. And consequently, they have
demonized me on those points. But as I
say, I don't think there's any substance
to what they say.
>> Yeah,
Robert, I want to just jump in uh about
your book, Anti-semitism, History, and
Myth. I mean, it's quite a masterpiece.
I want to congratulate you on the amount
of research you've done, uh the amount
of footnotes in the book. So,
congratulations to you. Um, I want to
jump in because there's so much you talk
about pagan anti-semitism, Christian
anti-semitism, Islamic anti-semitism,
left anti-semitism, right-wing
anti-semitism. I want to start with the
the latest manifestation in the media
which is captivating everybody's
attention. It's, I believe, the blood
liel that Jews are willfully killing
babies and starving babies. Now, I mean,
Kamas is using this very effectively in
the media. It's kind of the talk of the
town. Could you just talk about the
roots of that uh that blood liel and how
it's manifest today in politics and in
the media?
>> Well, it's noteworthy that you uh point
out the the connection immediately by
calling what is being done today blood
liable because of course that's exactly
what it is. But it highlights the fact
that this is not a new charge. that
these are charges that go back a
thousand years in medieval Europe where
children on several occasions 700 800
years ago went missing were found dead
and the local Jewish community because
it was already marginalized and despised
was a convenient scapegoat even in the
absence of any actual evidence that any
Jews had had any involvement in the
death of the child in question at
And this became something of a uh social
contagion like uh some many that we have
seen in the last few years where one
people one group of people in one
village would say that the Jews had
stolen a child and killed him and then
others would repeat the claim in another
context. I show in the book that many of
these not only were thinly sourced, but
the confessions were extracted by means
of torture. On at least one notable
occasion, the accuser was found to have
been covering up an illicit liaison that
uh was involved with the theft ring that
she was involved with in another town
and claimed that uh she had been
kidnapped by Jews while she went
missing. This kind of thing
unfortunately
has led to a deeply ingrained cultural
reflex you could say that blames Jews
for this kind of behavior. And so I
think it was all too easy for the uh the
the jihadis and their allies when the
Gaza war started to make claims about
children being killed because they knew
they would resonate with people coming
out of this kind of cultural context.
But you had, you know, it's really kind
of ridiculous when you look uh for
example, I just finished a new book
that'll be out soon about Zohan Mandani,
the mayor candidate in New York, and
he's uh on record claiming that the Jews
were committing genocide in Gaza within
a couple of weeks of the October 7th
massacre when the IDF had barely gone
into Gaza at all. But it's just
something that he knew would resonate.
Obviously, it has and the evidence
doesn't have to be there because these
kinds of charges have been built up. And
once you have, it's kind of like, you
know, what we started out with talking
about in my case and all these people
say that I'm this terrible person. Once
the ball gets rolling in that direction,
then it's easier for others to pile on.
And so what's happened to me is kind of
in microcosm
what not to say that uh uh not to
minimize the suffering of the Jews over
the centuries but it's the same kind of
accumulation of false charges with one
building on another. Well, let's talk
about that reaction to October 7th for a
second because you also were very
prominent in the aftermath of 911. And I
think a lot of people, few people talk
about it, but the reactions were so very
different. After 911, you had an Islamic
attack on really the center of power and
money. You know, the what was more
symbolic of that than the Pentagon and
the World Trade Center. And yet you had
a worldwide coalition to counterattack,
to build up and to fight a war that
lasted years and had hundreds of
thousands of casualties of civilian
casualties. And at the same time when
you had 107 and the attack was on babies
thrown into oven and teenage girls being
raped and really people without power
but with much more of a sense of of
innocence you could say uh were attack
and civilians themselves were attacked.
You had no one in the world lining up to
support Israel and you had immediately
on college campuses and in governments
worldwide condemning Israel and warning
them not to retaliate. Why the big
difference? Why is one side worth
retaliating and one takes the uh the
blame before they even get started?
Well, you got the combination of what I
was just discussing with the deeply
ingrained hatred of the Jews, suspicion
of the Jews, these charges that build on
each other combined with the very
skillful manipulation of the media and
public opinion in general by the Islamic
groups and their leftist allies. And the
Islamic groups very skillfully since
911, even before that in many ways have
been portraying themselves as the
innocent victims of a media campaign
which is much like what we see actually
conducted against the Jewish people
worldwide. But that's in a in a classic
case of projection. They claim that they
are being victimized and vilified in
this way themselves and that any
criticism of Islam, of jihad, even of
concrete actions such as October 7th is
a manifestation of an Islamophobia that
all decent people have to reject. And so
the only thing left is to see the other
side as being a common enemy that all of
us need to unite against because they
are the real source of the evil. The
Islamic rhetoric and the leftist
rhetoric before October 7th and after
has been consistent that whatever victim
group is the designated chosen one at
any given moment, it is sinless and
constantly sinned against.
And so the Gazins, they have not done
anything. and the rapacious IDF war
machine has committed occupation and
genocide and all these false charges and
that because of the deeply ingrained
idea by now that yes, the Muslims are
indeed innocent victims of Islamophobia.
They were the worst victims of 9/11
because they were the ones who really
suffered in its aftermath. And this kind
of thing having become so deeply
ingrained, it became very easy after
October 7th to say, well, you've got
Muslims on the one side, Jews on the
other. Obviously, the Jews must be at
fault. So,
>> how did it become so deeply ingrained?
And how can we attack that? I mean, we
have, you know, at universities and in
the media and in our government, we have
many people who deeply believe this. And
it has you've said yourself that we have
allowed the the messaging is almost more
dangerous than the physical attacks.
What what do you how did that come to be
and why was it able to slip in and what
can we do?
>> It demonstrates the power of propaganda
that they've been lying to people for
all these decades and nobody ever raised
a dissenting voice. After all, you know,
all of these things are all tied
together. I've been calling attention to
these things for over 25 years. And yet,
if you go to, as you noted, if you go to
Google and do a search, all you get is
what a terrible person I am. And it's
not just me. You can search anybody who
has been calling attention to these
issues over the last quarter century,
and it's the same treatment. So what the
the Islamic groups and the leftist
groups did was destroy essentially
anybody who was telling the truth about
these issues and exalted people who are
lying about them. So that now the
American people and and really the
people of the world do not have the
ability to evaluate this question from
an objective standpoint. All they hear
is one side and the other side, well,
they know those are bad people that they
shouldn't listen to. And so they don't.
And so these kinds of things all tie
together. The only thing we can do in
the face of that is continue to tell the
truth. The truth about the reality of
Islamic jihad. The fact that the
Palestinians are the ones with the
genocidal imperative, not the Israelis.
The fact that there is no genocide in
Gaza.
continue to pound home these truths in
whatever form we possibly can. But we
have to be realistic about the fact that
we're facing immense obstacles because
the liars have so much more power and
access and influence. And anybody who
points out that they are liars and that
they're actually the ones of low
character that we should not be
listening to, well, they're already on
the ADL list or the Southern Poverty Law
Center list or whoever's list. And so we
can dismiss all that.
>> So let's let's go back to telling the
truth. I like to give some historical
context because you're quite the author
on the topic of historical context to
let's call this Islamic anti-semitism. I
don't think most Americans are aware of
Hamas's charter and I want to just read
from it for one moment. The Hamas
charter in article 7 basically says as
follows. The day of judgment will not
come about until Muslims fight the Jews.
When the Jew will hide behind stones and
trees, the stones and trees will say,
"Oh Muslims, oh Abdullah, there is a Jew
behind me. Come and kill him." Only the
Garin tree, evidently a certain kind of
tree, would not do that because it is
one of the trees of the Jews.
Robert, let me ask you about that.
What's the context? Where is Hamas
getting this from this concept? Can you
go back to the roots of Islamic
anti-semitism for our audience?
>> Absolutely. Yes, Rabbi. That of course
is a quotation from Muhammad the prophet
of Islam. It is not something that was
devised by Hamas. Although I often see
it quoted as if Hamas made it up because
it's in the Hamas charter. But actually
you will find this quotation in the
canonical hadith collections that is
reports of Muhammad's words and deeds
that are considered authoritative for
Islamic belief and practice. And
consequently, it is a central aspect of
Islamic belief
that what the the the tradition actually
says is the last day will not come until
Muslims kill Jews. And so if any Muslim
wants to bring about the last day, the
judgment day, the consummation of all
things, the end of the world, if any
Muslim wants to bring that about, he can
kill Jews and that will help bring it
about. So this creates the idea that
killing Jews is not just a matter of
politically trying to gain an advantage
over Israel and ultimately destroy it.
It is an escatological and spiritual
imperative
and it is nothing less than an act of
worship as Hamas has said on more than
one occasion that Allah has made killing
Jews an act of worship
for them. And so this is not something
that is peripheral or will end with some
kind of negotiated agreement. This is a
war that will end that will continue as
long as there are people who believe in
Muhammad and Islam and the Quran.
>> So let's let's go back a little bit
before that. Let's go back to uh Haj
Amin al Husini the Grand Mui of
Jerusalem um meeting with Hitler and in
that historical context too around that
same period the forming of the Islamic
Brotherhood the Muslim Brotherhood. Can
you talk about these two things in the
earlier 20th century which kind of lead
up to what we're seeing in kamas today?
>> Absolutely. Yeah. The Muslim
Brotherhood, it must be understood, was
formed in order to create a global
Muslim state. Now, it might seem totally
fanciful and uh absolutely beyond belief
that anybody would think, yes, we're
going to unify all the Muslims in the
world into one. Excuse me.
into one big mega state and it's likely
never to happen. But that is the goal of
the Muslim Brotherhood because of the
idea of the caliphate. The caliphate is
the global Muslim community, the
political entity to which all Muslims
must belong according to Islamic law.
The caiff, the word kaiff khalifa means
successor. And the successor the the
caiff is the successor of Muhammad as
the political military and spiritual
leader of all the Muslims worldwide.
After Muhammad there were the there was
the period of the four so-called rightly
guided caiffs. Then there was the Umiad
caliphate, the Abbassad caliphate, the
Ottoman caliphate and all of those
claimed although of course in practice
none of them attained it but all of them
claimed to be the single global
government for all Muslims worldwide.
Now, in 1924, the secular Turkish
government abolished the caliphate. And
this is where all the jihad terror
groups in the world, al-Qaeda and ISIS
and Hamas and Isbala, every last one of
them, they say that's where our troubles
began because the Muslim world was
thrown into a disunityity that limited
its power. And now what we need to do is
reunite the Islamic world, restore the
caliphate, and then we can wage jihad
against Israel and the rest and destroy
the enemies of Islam. So in 1928, four
years after the abolition of the
caliphate, the Muslim Brotherhood was
founded in Egypt in order to restore the
caliphate. It has obviously not
succeeded yet in doing so, but it is now
a global movement and is working all
around the world to attain this goal.
The Hamas is part of the Muslim
Brotherhood. Calls itself the Muslim
Brotherhood for Palestine.
And so theoretically, Hamas is not even
working for a Palestinian state. It is
working to make Israel to destroy Israel
and make the area in that Israel
inhabits be part of the Islamic world
again so that it will ultimately be part
of the global caliphate that the Muslim
Brotherhood wants to establish. Now this
means that every jihad terror group is
working in the same way in various
countries around the world not just to
commit acts of mayhem and terrorism for
their own sake but to weaken and
destabilize the governments of the
various states in which they're
operating so that they can be destroyed
and a Muslim government put in their
place and ultimately the idea would be
to unite all these Muslim governments
into one under the restored caliphate.
So Hamas has to be understood as being
part of this global movement. And that
not only means that the Palestinian
struggle, the jihad becomes a global
imperative as we are seeing particularly
since October 7th, but also that all the
other Muslim states have a certain
obligation to fight against Israel,
against uh the Israeli state and try to
destroy the Israeli state as the
vanguard of this global effort to
reunite the Muslim communities into one
single ummah.
>> So are all of the academics, the leaders
of our universities, the leaders of our
governments, the leaders of half of
Europe, are they just fools who fall for
these lies or do you think there's
something else at play? Yeah, there are
fools who falls for there are in other
words a large there is a large number of
fools who fall for these lies but there
are also many who are bought because if
you look at the donations to American
universities some of the leading
American universities Harvard Georgetown
MIT the list goes on and on and on and
also lesser universities they're getting
millions and millions of dollars from
the government of Qatar. Now, what is
also the government of Qatar involved in
sponsoring the Muslim Brotherhood? It's
the chief state sponsor of the Muslim
Brotherhood in the world today. And so,
you've got this Muslim Brotherhood
supporting entity that harbored and
still harbors probably the Hamas leaders
who were surviving. remember them
celebrating in Doha when they saw uh the
October 7th attacks unfolding and they
are funding American universities
and so when Q cutter gives money they
expect you to give them the results
they're buying something and what
they're buying is not disinterested
academic inquiry what they're buying is
support for the Muslim Brotherhood in
Hamas and the portrayal of these things
not as this imperialist istic effort to
destroy non-Muslim states and create a
global Islamic entity as I just
explained, but they situate it in terms
that the American left can understand
that these are the oppressors and these
are the oppressed. The Israelis are
oppressing the Palestinians. If you're
on the side of the oppressed peoples of
the world, the indigenous peoples of the
world against white settler
colonialists, then you have to support
the Palestinians. It's all nonsense and
none of it actually applies in this case
because the Israelis are not white
settler colonialists in any by any
stretch of the imagination but are
actually the indigenous people of the
land. But none of that is taught in the
universities. this propaganda point that
coaleses with what is being taught in
the universities and the university's
tendency toward Marxism is being taught
and that's why it all is being played
out today starting from the university
campuses those are the epicenters of the
Qatari funding
>> I think you have to I think you bring up
an excellent point about the money and
also even the Marxism you know Marxism
is a materialist philosophy as is
capitalism. They both essentially say
that people care about their material
world. And it strikes me that it is very
that whether you're talking about the
socialistleaning
leadership or whether you're talking
about the capitalistleaning leadership,
both are somewhat illprepared to accept
that there's an ideological motive not
related to the to the physical world,
not related to lifestyle or or ownership
or having a a great economic situation.
>> Yeah, there's an ideological motive
that's completely ignored. That's really
what's so amazing to me even after all
these years that every last communicate
from Makmoud Abbas, from the Hamas
leaders, from Palestinian Islamic Jihad,
from Hisbala, from Iran, they all
mention Islam. When they talk about
Israel, they talk about Islam. They
understand Israel in an Islamic context
that I have tried to explain here brief
that Israel is an insult to Islam, an
affront to Islam because any land that
belonged to the Islamic world at any
time belongs by right to the Muslims
forever. That's a concept that's based
on the Quranic statement. Drive them out
from where they drove you out. So that
being the case, every point of their
opposition is based on Islam. Iran has
no beef with Israel. Otherwise, Iran has
no border with Israel. No border
dispute, no economic dispute, no
economic competition. Why does Iran hate
Israel? Because of Islam. Because of the
Islamic imperative. It's an Islamic
republic. And so they read the Quran. It
says, "Drive them out from where they
drove you out." They think, well, we
have to destroy Israel because that was
Islamic land. Not even talking about
1948. I'm talking about the Ottoman
Empire and and and the conquest by the
Arabs of the area that is now Israel in
the 7th century. And because it was
ruled by Islamic law, it belongs to them
forever. So
all that is made very clear, abundantly
clear and repeatedly clear by all the
leaders in the Islamic world and all the
leaders of the Palestinians. And yet it
is the one aspect of this conflict that
is completely ignored and never
mentioned not even once in Washington or
in Europe or at the UN anywhere. They do
not discuss the Islamic aspect of this
conflict that is so central to the other
side. They never mention it. They act
like it doesn't exist. At Camp David, in
Oslo,
every last accord, Islam has no mention,
has no role. And so the West is trying
to pretend that this is a political
dispute that can be solved in the
ordinary political ways. And it is not
and never has been. It is a religious
dispute that cannot be solved by a
political solution. And the religious
dispute is consistently
steadfastly ignored by everybody who has
ever had a role in trying to solve this
problem.
>> What is the solution then? If people
can't recognize it and if the sol if
people do not see what it is, what are
we supposed to do? The few people who do
see it. Well, I'm sorry to say there is
no solution. There is only management of
the problem. Because as long as there
are believers in Islam, believers in the
Quran and Muhammad, there will be people
who think they have to wage jihad
against Israel and destroy it. If Israel
were the size of a postage stamp, there
would still be people who thought that
because the whole thing they have to
drive them out. So, the only thing we
can do is manage it. Islamic law teaches
you do not wage jihad against an enemy
who has more than twice your strength
and you have no chance of winning.
That's not just political that's not
just military strength. That's also
political strength and the willingness
to stand by your principles and not
compromise them and give away at the
negotiating table what you've won on the
battlefield. And so that kind of
strength needs to be recovered. Also,
there needs to be a certain kind of
pressure that can be exerted and should
be exerted on the Arab states. After
all, Egypt has been paid billions of
dollars since the Camp David Accords
were were were concluded in order not to
go to war with Israel. And yet the is
the Egyptian government has allowed for
a massive spread of anti-semitic
material including even mine comp which
is a consistent bestseller
throughout their country for decades in
violation of the specific words of the
Camp David Accords. The American
government can and should exert pressure
on Egypt and on Jordan and on every
state there that gets American money,
which is pretty much all of them. and
say to them, "Look, the Palestinians
don't exist. You know it and we know it.
We've been pretending all these years.
We're going to stop pretending. You
know, and we know that the Palestinians
were invented by Yaser Arafat and the
KGB in 1964 as a propaganda tactic, and
it's worked great, but it's over. We've
we're dealing with Arabs here who are
not different linguistically,
culturally, politically, or religiously
from the Arabs of Syria, Lebanon, and
Jordan. And very only slightly different
from the those of Egypt. And so
you have some refugees. I don't mean the
UN's list of refugees, which is the
children and grandchildren of refugees
and great-grandchildren. I mean, you
have a dwindling number of people who
actually left in 1948. Now, we're going
to leave aside for the moment the fact
that the Arab hire committee actually
ordered the Arabs to leave in 1948 and
that the vast majority of those who left
were not driven out by the IDF. But
leave that aside. Let's take every last
one of those people, the surviving
elderly people who left in 1948, and
call them refugees. Now they are Arabs.
Take them in.
Every refugee crisis, every refugee
situation that has ever happened in the
history of the world has been solved by
the people who are refugees going to
live elsewhere. And sometimes it may
seem unkind and harsh. There were
Germans who had lived in Koigsburg and
their families had lived in Koigsburg
for centuries.
And then Koigberg was taken after World
War II and given to the Soviets.
Why? Because the Germans started an
aggressive war and lost it. And it's a
rule of warfare from time immemorial
that a country that starts an aggressive
war and loses it may end up losing
territory to the victorious countries in
order to protect themselves against
further such attacks.
That's happened everywhere in human
history. There are hundreds of examples.
I'm giving you Germany after World War
II because it's ready to hand and most
people are aware that it happened. You
look at a map of Germany in 1939, it's
substantially larger than Germany in
1945. Why? Because they started a war
and lost it. So why does this not apply
to Israel? Because of this deeply ingra
hatred of Jews that we've been
discussing. There's no other reason why
Israel cannot and should not control
those territories that it won in
aggressive wars against it. Wars it did
not start but it did not lose. And the
Arabs absorbed the Germans who lived in
Koigburg. They went to live in Germany,
what was left of it. Or they went to
live somewhere else. They moved to
America, whatever. And nobody's whining
about German refugees today
or and there's no UN agency calling the
children and grandchildren and
great-grandchildren of those people
refugees. Why do the Palestinians get a
different treatment?
You take them and you call upon those
countries to settle them in a peaceful
and humane manner and give them gainful
employ. And you even fund the operation.
So nobody can charge that this is
anything inhumane that's being done that
been why why should this be treated so
differently from every other refugee
problem if they don't want to live in
Israel otherwise if they want to be
loyal to the Israeli state there are
plenty of Arabs in Israel now who have
no discrimination no apartheid none of
that nonsense they have full equal
rights with the Israelis so you want to
join the Israeli state great you want to
go live in Syria great but you're not
going going to have your Palestinian
state because there are no Palestinians.
It's a fiction. We're calling it out.
>> So this concept, let's call it
Palestinianism, is really just a method
to really destroy the Jews. It has no
real historical roots. You mentioned in
your book, if you look at the names of
many Palestinians, their last names are
referring to countries they come from,
like Egypt, like Syria, like the Mcgreb.
So really, that's what it exists for.
And we're let's not forget that Jews
lived in Arab lands for many years with
tremendous anti-semitism. And in 1948
over 850,000 Spartic Jews were kicked
out of their countries as well. So talk
about some of that the historical roots.
What was it like for Jews pre-Israel to
live in the mandate of Palestine? We're
talking about the 1929 massacres in
other countries around uh the Middle
East as well.
>> Yeah. It's really shameful. It's a
shameful history because you know the
British get credit for fostering the
establishment of the state of Israel
because the League of Nation the Ottoman
Empire seeded the territory to the
League of Nations as the Ottoman Empire
was dissolving. The League of Nations
gave it to Britain as the mandate for
Palestine. The for the creation of a
Jewish national home and the British
administered it for 28 years from 1920
or 26 years from 22 to 48 and then the
is Jewish national home, the Israeli
state was founded. But what is lesser
known, I discuss in an earlier book I
wrote, the Palestinian delusion, that
the British tried everything they could
to stop Jewish immigration, Jewish
immigration to Palestine, to stop the
creation of of the Jewish national home.
They even went so far as to tell Hajimin
al- Husini, the Mui of Jerusalem, who
you mentioned earlier, who went and
worked with Hitler and the Nazis during
World War II. When he was in Jerusalem
in the 1920s, in 1921 and 22, the
British told him, "If you carry out some
poggrams against the Jews, we will not
prosecute you. We will not arrest you.
you'll have free reign because we want
to discourage the Jews from coming to
this area
and he agreed. And so you have the
Hebrron massacre, you have so many other
massacres that happened under his opaces
with the British turning a blind eye
after that all through the 1920s and
30s.
>> Yeah. It would even seem that according
to your book uh Hajim al Husseini was
actually advising Hitler.
Oh yeah, that's the
>> Yeah, you know, it's interesting to note
that uh there were there was all sorts
of confusion or I should say
disagreement among the National
Socialist High Command as to what to do
about the Jews. Hajim Aluseni served in
the Turkish military during World War I.
And the Turks at that time were carrying
out the Armenian genocide as well as the
genocide of the Greeks and the
Assyrians. They killed a million and a
half Armenians, a million Greeks, and
300,000 Assyrians. And a lot of those
people who were killed were killed in
gas chambers. The Turks were the first
to use them. Now, the Nazis, they didn't
know what to do with the Jews. They had
completely disenfranchised and
dehumanized them, barred them from
various professions, barred them from
various sectors of public life. But
they're still there in Germany,
completely impoverished, completely
dependent upon the state. And the German
state obviously did not want them. So
there was the plan to deport them all to
Madagascar. But the war broke out that
became impossible because the Germans
did not have command of the seas to
deport hundreds of thousands or millions
of people all that way to southern
southwest southeast Africa. So
or the island of Southeast Africa. So
then
they come up with the final solution and
we start seeing the death camps with the
gas chambers. Where did they get this
idea? That all is unclear. But Hitler at
this point is saying that people are
saying history will judge us harshly.
Actually that's not the case. Hitler
said they after all nowadays who
remembers the Armenians. Where did he
get the idea? Why was he thinking of the
Armenians in the context of what he was
doing? Hajimin al-Husini did not just
have one meeting with Hitler and then he
went home. He lived in Berlin from 1941
to 45. He was very close to Himmler and
to Adolf Iikman. and he at one point
wrote a very angry letter because he had
heard that a boatload of Jews were being
deported to Palestine.
And he said, "You've got to turn this
boat back. We don't want them in
Palestine. You've got to think of some
other way to deal with them. We will not
accept them in Palestine. And this could
very severely imperil our cooperation."
And this was serious for the Germans
because he had raised up two waffen SS
divisions out of Balkan I mean Bosnian
Muslims in the Balkans. So they didn't
want to lose the Arabs. He was also
preaching to the Arabs in Arabic that
they should join up with the Nazis
and they didn't want to lose this
valuable ally. So they had to think of
some other thing to do with the Jews.
And it just happens that they hit upon
the gas chambers, the same thing that
Hajjamin Al Husini had dealt with while
serving with the Turks in World War I.
It's just so depraved and so disgusting
to hear this history and to know that
we're essentially seeing it all over
again where you have the collaboration
of various groups in Europe and in the
Middle East collaborating against the
Jews and affirming Jewish murder.
Yes, it's deeply disturbing. Uh that's
one of the reasons why I wrote this book
on anti-semitism to try to show the root
causes of this and how dangerous it
really is and to counter this fashion
uh of anti-semitism that we see
spreading around today. Uh but it's the
same thing really that we saw in the
run-up to the Holocaust because it is so
many people working on their narrow
self-interest without realizing the
larger implications of what they're
doing. Like you take for example the new
push to create a Palestinian state with
Carney of Canada and Mcronone of France
and Starmer of the UK and Albanese and
uh uh Australia and they're all going to
declare unilaterally that there's a
Palestinian state even though it doesn't
have any borders or any government or
anything really and they just want to
pacify the Muslims in their countries
which they've brought in in large
numbers.
and make sure that they keep voting for
their parties, but they're not realizing
or not caring about the larger
implications of what they're doing in
terms of challenging the sovereignty of
Israel uh and imperiling that
sovereignty, calling for its the
dismemberment most likely of the Jewish
state so that a contiguous Palestinian
state can be created. And it's all of
course completely shortsighted in light
of the fact that a Palestinian state is
not going to pacify anything or end the
jihad against Israel because it is, as I
explained before, based on religious
imperatives that will not end with a
political change.
>> Yes. And let's let's then pivot a little
to the United States and the danger this
anti-ionism, anti-semitism
poses to the United States. Right now we
have, we mentioned before, this alliance
between the left and the Islamists.
Let's call it the red green alliance.
I've heard it been called that. Um, and
now we're seeing this embodied in in Zor
Mamdani. Basically, he is a perfect
example of a person who till this day
really denies he he will not, you know,
go against his statements in the past.
He will not condemn the phrase
globalizing inifada. And what it really
took in the United States or New York in
specific was him to unite with another
group which was the left, the far left,
the democratic socialist of America. Can
you please address that topic of this
union between these two parties and the
threat it offers to poses now to New
York and the rest of the country?
>> The last day or two, we've seen that
President Obama has reached out to him
and members of President Obama's support
and team David Axelrod. So if you could
incorporate that into your answer as
well, what you think of that? Well, it's
kind of ironic that Mandani, he
criticizes Andrew Cuomo, who's eminently
worthy of being criticized, but Andrew
Cuomo supposedly in Mandani's view is
the candidate of billionaires, and
Mandani is the candidate of the ordinary
folks who have their the little people
who finally have their champion. It's
really the same kind of rhetoric we've
seen from Marxists throughout the
history of Marxism that uh they are for
the people when actually what they're
for is for a massive uh federal state
that controls every aspect of the
people's lives and creates this
governing elite that has privileges
beyond that of the ordinary people. But
what's ironic about it is that Mandani
is actually the candidate of
billionaires himself as he has accepted
quite a lot of money from the open
society foundations and organizations
connected to the open society
foundations of George Soros and uh
collected money as well from other very
far-left people in Hollywood and
elsewhere who have multi-million dollar
uh bank accounts and they're happy to
fork over some of to him because he
shares their political perspective. So,
it's not as if he's not the candidate of
the rich. He's just the candidate of a
different group of rich people. Um,
but the left green allian the the red
green alliance in general I think is
based on several pillars. One being
hatred of the America and Israel uh and
of the West in general. the the enemy of
my enemy is my friend of course is the
old adage I believe from chairman Mao
and it's in play in this case uh the
left of course is made up of socialist
internationalists who hate America as
the foremost nation state in the world
today and they hate Israel because of
its irreducible particularity that it's
a Jewish state it's a state of people
who have been unwilling throughout
history to assimilate into larger groups
and they're not going to join the
socialist internationalist mega state in
the aggregate either. And so
consequently the eyeire of the left is
focused upon America and Israel in
particular and the eye of the Muslims
also because Israel stands as the
foremost contradiction to the idea that
Islam is perpetually in springtime. You
know why so many Muslim flags of Muslim
countries are green?
Because Islam is in perpetual
springtime. It's always growing. Green
is the color of Islam because it's
always it's ne it's never in autumn.
It's never in winter. Islam is always
expanding. And so Israel is a
contradiction to that. It's a land like
Spain. It's a land that was once Islamic
and is no more. That's a great insult to
Islam. So the two come together, the
left and the Muslims, on the basis of a
shared hatred for America and Israel.
And Zohan Mandani embodies both. He's a
Marxist and a vowed Marxist. Uh he he
actually he denies being a Marxist, but
he's obviously a Marxist because he's on
video saying the ultimate goal is
seizing the means of production and so
on. Marxist clearly Marxist rhetoric.
He's uh an open and unapologetic 12ver
shiite Muslim, the sect of Islam that is
the leadership of the Islamic Republic
of Iran. And so
those two things make him kind of the
dream candidate for the far-left that
not only is he a far-left like they are,
but he's a member of this special
protected victim class that they love in
particular because it's been the
1400year enemy of the West. and they
want to do away with the west and do
away with the foremost nation states in
the world which are all in the west or
arguably mostly in the west
and so they see the see him as being the
perfect candidate and this is why he has
so much media attention so much backing
from so many powerful people he's he's
just everything they want he's not white
he's not American
So he doesn't have the original sins of
the left.
He's an immigrant from Uganda from the
third world. This just keeps getting
better. His father's a communist
professor
at Colombia
with and you know how Colombia is in
terms of Jewish students.
His mother is a famous filmmaker,
multi-millionaire filmmaker who has made
a lot of films that center around the
evils of the West and racism and so on.
And so he's got a perfect pedigree. He's
got perfect beliefs, a perfect
background, and a perfect agenda.
Everything about him makes him the new
rising star of the left. And so I don't
see how he can possibly lose the race
for mayor of New York. But if he does,
his career will not be over. He'll be a
star for years to come.
>> I hope this is the one thing that you're
wrong about.
I uh it's been such a pleasure to have
you here today.
>> Likewise.
>> I really appreciate the things you're
saying. I really want to I think I
really want people to take to heart the
importance of recognizing truth versus
lies because I think that's one of the
most important things that you've said
today is giving us the real history,
giving us the real truth about the
situation and framing the the problem
that's before us. I just hope you're
wrong that we can't find a solution.
>> Well, there like I say can be managed.
There are ways to make this something.
You look uh back a 100 years ago and the
Muslim world was looking to the west.
Adaturk in Turkey, the founder of modern
Turkey, very bad guy in many ways. But
he said Islam is what caused our
troubles. It's why the Ottoman Empire
fell. The West is victorious. We have to
pattern the new Turkey after the West.
The Sha of Iran raises a sha, the one
before the one who was deposed. He
followed out of Turk. The whole Islamic
world was looking to the West. Then that
all changed and the West lost its
self-confidence to a tremendous degree.
But you didn't hear about jihad attacks
on the streets of Paris in those days.
And that kind of strength, I think,
could be recovered and should be.
Robert, I want to ask you a final
question. Um, many people assume that
you're Jewish and you've been you've
been attacked as being a Jew. Uh, but
you're not. Your background is with the
Greek Orthodox Church.
>> Yeah, that's right. My uh grandparents
were uh actually grew up in the Ottoman
Empire and were exiled for declining to
convert to Islam uh in the middle of
World War I and came to the United
States. So, I'm just wondering what
gives you the power, the courage, and
honestly the interest to do such
incredible research and spend so much
time writing books about Islam, the
dangers of Islam, anti-semitism. What's
given you the power to do that because
you're such a special personality? We're
just wondering where that's coming from.
>> Well, you're very kind. I think that uh
my interest in Islam originally came
from my family's background and the fact
that I wanted to understand what had
happened because my grandparents when I
would ask them about life over there
they would say how great it was and then
I said well why'd you leave we were
exiled why were you exiled then they
were then they would clam up so I wanted
to know and that leads right into Islam
and understanding the supremacist
aggressive expansionist envir violent
aspects of Islam and then that of course
became something that uh became a matter
of general interest after 9/11 and then
I was writing about it and that leads to
understanding that Israel is on the
front lines of the global jihad and so
if you're going to be against jihad you
can't really stand against Israel and
favor that jihad although consistency of
course is not something that is very
important to a lot of people it is to me
and so this is why I think it's very
important to stand today with Israel and
the Jews in general.
>> And if people want to find out more
about your work, where should they go
to?
>> I'm at jihadwatch.org. That's
jihadwatch.org.
It is a news site about jihad activity
updated many times daily at jihadwatch
rs on Twitter and you can find all the
books on Amazon. There are 32 of them.
Get the whole set.
>> Thank you so much for joining us. We
look forward to having you back in the
future.
>> Thank you.